>> Estelle Weyl: Okay,
another property that we have in CSS, and
I've used it several times over
the past two days, is box sizing.
Originally, the box sizing for
all the browsers other
than IE was content box,
and that is the box model.
It basically says we need to clear
a width, that's gonna be the width
of the content, and if you declare
padding it's gonna be bigger.
And so you would have things that were
more than 100% because you declare width
of 100%, you put padding on it and
all of a sudden it's 120%.
So border box, box sizing, border box,
basically replicates the old IE model.
And says include that padding in that
width so that you don't go over that 100%.
So you saw many times when
I want to fix something,
I just put box-sizing border-box.
I should put a little star, but
don't do that cuz then you don't
wanna do a global selector and
choose any feature, really.
Because buttons and
inputs and replaced elements will
also get whatever you're doing.
And you want to make sure
that's not over kill.